Forms: Custom field styleguide (#1487)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/_forms_custom_field_styleguide.md

> The custom field is a wrapper component that can host any other forms component. It provides a set of properties that allow you to control the validation state of the field, as well as the helper text that is displayed below the field. The custom field is a versatile tool to create your own form fields, that can be used in combination with the 'Form' components to create complex forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The custom field is a wrapper component that can host any forms component. Its properties allows you to control the validation state of the field and the helper text. The custom field is a versatile tool to create your own form fields, that can be used in combination with the 'Form' components to create complex forms.
```

I try to shorten the first part a bit. For me, the second part sounds kinda repetitive, though I like it ... 🤔

![Custom field](https://www.figma.com/design/wEptRgAezDU1z80Cn3eZ0o/iX-Pattern-Illustrations?node-id=3303-3291&t=DlxXBQ9vTnyDcIUI-4 )

1. Label

> 2. Helper text/Feedback text

Reviewer: why both? Also don't forget that it can be a tooltip too 😉

> 3. Form components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Form component
```

> 4. Required indicator

Reviewer: In the other (input) branch it was "Mandatory" indicator?!

> %%

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Quick guide

![Custom field_new](https://www.figma.com/design/wEptRgAezDU1z80Cn3eZ0o/iX-Pattern-Illustrations?node-id=3482-7078&t=DlxXBQ9vTnyDcIUI-4)

- **Usage:** Use the custom field when your desired solution is not covered by the standard form field component.

> - **Customize as Needed:** Add specific form components (e.g., input fields, buttons) to meet your use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Customize as needed:** Add specific form components (e.g. input fields, radio buttons) to meet your use case.
```

I would not use the button as _that_ example here ... 😅

> - **Helper and feedback text:** The custom field provides automatic the option to display helper  and feedback text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Helper and feedback text:** The custom field provides the option to display helper and feedback texts automatically.
```

> - **Helper and feedback text:** The custom field provides the option to display helper and feedback text automatically.

Reviewer: Again, just as a reminder - there can be a tooltip there instead. Plus, maybe additionally in brackets a reference to the other chapter would be nice where we go into detail)

> - **Follow Guidelines:** Refer to the form field and validation chapters for detailed guidelines on labels, helper text, and feedback text.

Reviewer: it is not a bad idea, though I think it sounds a bit mixed up from my perspective

%%
## Options

- **Label:** Refer to the form field chapter for detailed guidelines.
- **Helper text**: Refer to the form field chapter for detailed guidelines.
- **Feedback text**: Refer to the form field chapter for detailed guidelines.

> - **Customization**: Add form components to create the use case you need. E.g. for a file upload field add an input field with an `readonly` state and an [icon button](buttons/icon-button.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Customization**: Add form components to create the use case you need. E.g. for a file upload field, add an input field with a `readonly` state and an [icon button](buttons/icon-button.md).
```

![Custom field example](https://www.figma.com/design/wEptRgAezDU1z80Cn3eZ0o/iX-Pattern-Illustrations?node-id=3483-7223&t=DlxXBQ9vTnyDcIUI-4)

## Behavior in context

> - **Validation:** Refer to the validation chapter for detailed guidelines.

Reviewer: (1) add link, (2) we had the reference sentence different in the other forms chapters, please make them consistent

## States

> The states depend on the custom field component that was included. The custom field itself does not have any states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The states depend on the custom field component that you use. The custom field itself does not have any interaction states.
```

## Dos and Don'ts

> - Do use the custom field when your desired solution is not covered by the standard form field component  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Do use the custom field when your desired solution is not covered by the standard form field component.  
```

> - Do use the custom field when your desired solution is not covered by the standard form field component  

Reviewer: Since there is not the actual "form field" component, maybe something like "by the already existing form field components" (note the 's')

> - Do use the custom field in combination with the form component to create complex forms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Do use the custom field in combination with the form component to create complex forms.
```

> - Don't use the custom field for simple form fields, use the form field component instead

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Don't use the custom field for simple form fields. Use the form field component instead.
```

Author: the do and dont section should not have a full stop, so it should not have a punctuation mark “.”

> - Don't use the custom field without a form component, it is a wrapper component that is meant to be used in combination with the form component

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Don't use the custom field without a form component. It is a wrapper component that is meant to be used in combination with the form component.
```

> - Don't use the custom field without a form component, it is a wrapper component that is meant to be used in combination with the form component

Reviewer: reference?!

> ## Related 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Related patterns
```

- Form field
- Validation

> - Layout

Reviewer: cross-reference please 🙏
